* This folder contains the strategy scripts, backtesting script and
the data generation script.

* data_generation.R:

The data generation script is run whenever we want to add some new
time series to the final all time series assimilated data set. 

The data which was used to generate the master data set and final
master data set are all located in '../data/' folder.

* backtest_strategy.R:

This script backtests strategies on the final data set and returns the
time series of portfolio returns.

This script runs from command line.

An example run would be like -
Rscript ./backtest_strategy.R [strategy path] [output storage path]

* backtest_all.R:

This script is a meta script on backtest_strategy.R. Like the name
suggests this script backtests all the strategies. For details about
this script and its method of execution please refer to the comments
in the script.

* strategy_*.R :

These are the strategy scripts.  

The file name is the name of the strategy as per the June strategies
listed on www.voltilitymadesimple.com.
(http://volatilitymadesimple.com/vix-trading-strategies-in-june/)

Each strategy is an independent function and can be backtested using
the backtest_strategy.R script.

For more details on each strategy please refer to the comments in the
these scripts.

eg: If one wants to run strategy_DFTB_sd.R, then the following command
would backtest the strategy and store the results of the strategy-

Rscript ./backtest_strategy.R ./strategy_DFTB_sd.R ../strategy_results/DFTB_sd.RData

* analyze_*R:

These scripts are used for analyzing the returns generated by the straties.